Hey Adam,

Before everything, I'll give the pre-text of the facts that can be referenced to:

You can refer to your records as well to double check.

Sept 23 - Oct-6 - paid on Oct 14, 2022 Marked on E-transfer 
Oct 7 - Oct 20 - paid on Nov 14, 2022 
Oct 21 - Nov 3 - paid on Dec 13, 2022 
Nov 4 - Nov 17 - paid on Feb 06, 2023 
Nov 18 - Dec 1 - partial payment of 1,000 on feb 23 
Dec 2 - Dec 15 - 
Dec 16 - Dec 22 & Jan 9 - Jan 13 - 
Jan 16 - Jan 20 (Finish events requested by Adam) -

Before I left, I was promised to get paid.

Sometime late January/early February, we, me and Leapgrad, came to a compromise that the payment will not be taxed to minimize expenses.

Two/three weeks ago, I was in a call with Justin and I was told that I will recieve $3,000 as the remaining pay. I asked how much as the amount didn't seem to be right but he avoided the question and I didn't push asking it again and the call ended.

Earlier this week, I had to step up and confront about the remaining pay. I was still told that there's $3,000 so I asked why and I was told that because that's the amount I would receive if the pay was taxed. I was infuriated as I know that I am being taked advantage of.

If the pay was taxed, that means I would recieve: 560.31 + 1560.31 + 1560.31 + 780.155 which would also mean that this should go to the upcoming T4 slip.

if the pay was not taxed, that means I would recieve: 1000 + 2000 + 2000 + 1000.

This encounter made me feel a wide range of emotions. I feel like I am stupid and being looked down. I tried to keep the connection good by still keeping in touch, managing the repository and the servers, and helping the interns. Even with this good connection I was treated with such behavior.

Because of this event, I will cut down my ties with the project and the company. I can't support such behavior and unprofessionalism. By Friday, I will delete all the repository, credentials, and accounts I have that is related with Leapgrad, including slack access, and the AWS subaccount. Should you need to get the credentials, you should let me know before Friday.

I am still expecting to receive the remaining pay.

I don't want to escalate this further. I hope I don't have to.